Mention certain ArrayBuffers have controlled detachment (#40457)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/arraybuffer/transfer/index.md

- {{jsxref("RangeError")}}
  - : Thrown if this `ArrayBuffer` is resizable and `newByteLength` is greater than the {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer/maxByteLength", "maxByteLength")}} of this `ArrayBuffer`.
- {{jsxref("TypeError")}}

>   - : Thrown if this `ArrayBuffer` is already detached, or if it can only be detached by designated operations. Currently, only certain web APIs are capable of creating such tracked `ArrayBuffer` objects, such as {{domxref("GPUBuffer.getMappedRange()")}} and [`WebAssembly.Memory.buffer`](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Reference/JavaScript_interface/Memory/buffer).

Reviewer: Sounds a bit confusing, and unclear as to how this relates to the method page it appears on. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
  - : Thrown if this `ArrayBuffer` is already detached, or if it can't be detached using `transfer()` and can only be detached by designated operations. Currently, only certain methods are capable of detaching tracked `ArrayBuffer` objects, such as those produced by {{domxref("GPUBuffer.getMappedRange()")}} and [`WebAssembly.Memory.buffer`](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Reference/JavaScript_interface/Memory/buffer).
```

Author: ```suggestion
  - : Thrown if this `ArrayBuffer` is already detached, or if it can only be detached by designated operations. Currently, only certain web APIs are capable of creating such `ArrayBuffer` objects with designated detachers, such as {{domxref("GPUBuffer.getMappedRange()")}} and [`WebAssembly.Memory.buffer`](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Reference/JavaScript_interface/Memory/buffer).
```

The idea is that you can't create such buffers in userland.
